FAMILYMANCASENUMBER113
1234-5678-9012-3456

Emergency protection order
Section 44 Children Act 1989

Ordered on 7 August 2012, 3:23pm by Justice of the Peace and Justices’ Legal Adviser

John Papa

La Court

Children in the case
Kenny Kruger Boy Born 1 January 2010

Description
the children are really lovely.

Warning
It’s a criminal offence to intentionally obstruct a person who’s authorised under
section 44(4)(b) Children Act 1989 either to remove a child or to prevent the removal
of a child (section 44(15) Children Act 1989).
An Emergency Protection Order is granted to the applicant, LocalAuthorityName.
The order gives the applicant parental responsibility for the child.
The Court authorises the applicant to remove the child to accommodation provided by or
on behalf of the applicant.

Some further directions.

This order starts on 7 August 2012 at 3:23pm.

This order ends on 1 September 2018 at 1:20pm.

Notes about the emergency protection order

About this order

This is an Emergency Protection Order.

This order states what has been authorised in respect of the child and when the order will
end.

The court can extend this order for up to 7 days but it can only do this once.

Warning
If you are shown this order, you must comply with it. If you do not, you may commit an
offence. Read the order now.
What you may do
You may apply to the court at any time to:
 change the directions
 end the order
If you would like to ask the court to change the directions, or end the order, you must fill in
a form. You can obtain the form from a court office.
If the court has directed that the child should have a medical, psychiatric or another kind of
examination, you may ask the court to allow a doctor of your choice to be at the
examination.

What you should do
Go to a solicitor as soon as you can.
Some solicitors specialise in court proceedings which involve children. You can obtain the
address of a solicitor or advice agency from the Yellow Pages or the Solicitors’ Regional
Directory. You will find these books at:
 a Citizens Advice centre
 a Law Centre
 a library
A solicitor or an advice agency will be able to tell you whether you may be eligible for Legal
Aid.
