MOCKCASEID
${id}
Emergency protection order
Section 44 Children Act 1989
Ordered on ${issueDate} by Her Honour Judge Moley
Family Court sitting at Swansea
Child in the case
Timothy Jones Male Born 1 August 2015
Warning
It’s a criminal offence to intentionally obstruct a person who’s authorised under
section 44(4)(b) Children Act 1989 either to remove a child or to prevent the removal
of a child (section 44(15) Children Act 1989).
An Emergency Protection Order is granted to the applicant, Swansea City Council.
The order gives the applicant parental responsibility for the child.
The Court authorises the applicant to remove the child to accommodation provided by or on behalf of the applicant. 
This order directs that any person who can produce the child to the applicant must do so. some text
This order starts on ${dateTimeAt}.
This order ends on ${dateTimeAt}.
Notes about the emergency protection order
About this order
This is an Emergency Protection Order.
This order states what has been authorised in respect of the child and when the order will
end.
The Court can extend this order for up to 7 days but it can only do this once.
Warning
If you are shown this order, you must comply with it. If you do not, you may commit an
offence. Read the order now.
What you may do
You may apply to the Court at any time to:
 change the directions
 end the order
If you would like to ask the Court to change the directions, or end the order, you must fill in
a form. You can obtain the form from a Court office.
If the Court has directed that the child should have a medical, psychiatric or another kind of
examination, you may ask the Court to allow a doctor of your choice to be at the
examination.
What you should do
Go to a solicitor as soon as you can.
Some solicitors specialise in Court proceedings which involve children. You can obtain the
address of a solicitor or advice agency from the Yellow Pages or the Solicitors’ Regional
Directory. You will find these books at:
 a Citizens Advice centre
 a Law Centre
 a library
A solicitor or an advice agency will be able to tell you whether you may be eligible for Legal Aid.
