${id}
Care order
Section 31 Children Act 1989
Ordered on ${issueDate} by Her Honour Judge Jimbo
Family Court sitting at Swansea
Child in the case
Jim Test Male Born 31 March 2016
During the proceedings and after they have concluded no person shall publish information related to
the proceedings including accounts of what has gone on in front of the judge, documents filed in the proceedings,
transcripts or notes of evidence and submissions, and transcripts and notes of judgments (including extracts,
quotations, or summaries of such documents). Any person who does so may be in contempt of court.
Until the conclusion of the proceedings no person shall publish to the public at large or any section of the public
without the court’s permission any material which is intended or likely to identify the children as being involved in
these proceedings or an address or school as being that of the children. Any person who does so may be guilty of an offence.
The exceptions to this are in Rules 12.73 or 12.75 or Practice Direction 12G of the Family Procedure Rules 2010.
Care order restrictions
While a care order is in place, no one can change the child’s surname or take the child out of
the UK unless they have written consent from all people with parental responsibility, or
permission from the Court.
Taking the child from the UK without this consent or permission might be an offence under the
Child Abduction Act 1984.
Swansea City Council has been given parental responsibility under this care order and may
take the child out of the UK for up to 1 month without this consent or permission.
It is ordered that the child is placed in the care of Swansea City Council.
No further direction
Important Notice directed to keep the court and the local authority informed of their addresses and contact details.
If they do not do so, service may be effected by post to their last known addresses.
Such service may be deemed to be sufficient notice of any subsequent adoption proceedings and hearings within them.
