MOCKCASEID
${id}
Special guardianship order
Section 14A(1) Children Act 1989
Ordered on ${dateTimeComma} by Her Honour Judge Moley
Family Court sitting at Swansea
Child in the case
Timothy Jones Male Born 1 August 2015
Confidentiality During the proceedings and after they have concluded no person shall publish information related to the
proceedings including accounts of what has gone on in front of the judge, documents filed in the proceedings,
transcripts or notes of evidence and submissions, and transcripts and notes of judgments (including extracts,
quotations, or summaries of such documents). Any person who does so may be in contempt of court. Until the conclusion
of the proceedings no person shall publish to the public at large or any section of the public without the court’s
permission any material which is intended or likely to identify the children as being involved in these proceedings or
an address or school as being that of the children. Any person who does so may be guilty of an offence. The exceptions
to this are in Rules 12.73 or 12.75 or Practice Direction 12G of the Family Procedure Rules 2010.
Warning
Where a Special Guardianship Order is in force no person may cause the child to be known by
a new surname or remove the child from the United Kingdom without either the written consent
of every person who has parental responsibility for the child or the leave of the Court.
However, this does not prevent the removal of a child for a period of less than 3 months, by its
special guardian(s) (Section 14C (3) and (4) Children Act 1989).
It may be a criminal offence under the Child Abduction Act 1984 to remove the child from the
United Kingdom without leave of the Court.
By consent
The Court orders that Joe Bloggs is appointed as special guardian for the child.
Further special guardianship details.
Notice
Any person with parental responsibility for a child may obtain advice on what can be done
to prevent the issue of a passport to the child. They should write to Glasgow CPST, HMPO
Glasgow, 96 Milton Street, Glasgow, G4 0BT or email Glasgowcaveats@hmpo.gov.uk.
